---
layout: narrative
title: The Red Panda
author: Ivana Torres
editor: Ivana Torres
source: Workshop 
---
<p>A man named Hunter was known for his ridiculous pranks on social media. He was most known for his youtube channel where he'd terrorize residents with pranks for entertainment purposes. One day he decided to cause more trouble to record for his youtube channel at the local zoo. His plan was to break into the animals' enclosures to try and pet the baby animals. Hunter knew he'd get in trouble if caught by the zoo workers and so decided to break into the zoo at night hoping to successfully achieve his mission.</p> 
<p>It became very dangerous to be alone in animal enclosures since nobody is there to help Hunter and his friend if anything goes wrong. Hunter was mainly focused on the red panda enclosure and decided to stop there first. Hunter brings along his friends and his cameraman to record this whole interaction. Hunter breaks the lock on the door for the red panda exhibit and his companions slowly enter behind him. Hunter finds a baby red panda sleeping peacefully on a low branch attached to a huge tree.</p>
<p>Hunter proceeds to raise his arms up to the red panda and attempt to grab him. The baby wakes up, startled, and starts scratching Hunter. Hunter grabs the baby ignoring its obvious discomfort. Hunter's cameraman records the whole interaction with the baby and they all fondle it seemingly pleased. What Hunter and his companions did not know was that above them was the red panda's mother, sleeping peacefully on a hidden branch.</p>
<p>The mother of the baby red panda instantly wakes up at the sound of her baby squealing and grunting at the uncomfortable situation. The mother red panda quickly jumps onto Hunter biting his hand in order to save her baby. Hunter jumps back and lets the baby go, squealing loudly. The mother red panda is now standing on her hind legs and quickly raises her arms up to show dominance towards the threats. Hunter's friends laugh uncontrollably at how frightened Hunter appears and they decide to cut the stream short. The video of Hunter at the zoo was uploaded everywhere and he felt too ridiculed to return to social media. He later faced consequences by paying the zoo for any damages caused and all this information leaked to the public. Many people online are happy this happened because of all the havoc Hunter made.</p>

