---
layout: narrative
title: the past
author: maliyah
editor: maliyah
source: Workshop 
---
<p>Victoria sat on her bed after crying her eyes out for hours in defeaning silence. School is so terribly repetitive,wake up,8 hour school day,go home,listen to her parents argue over every little thing and repeat. She couldnt help the yell that left her throat. She began to sob once more saying how unfair everything is. She wiped her face once more,exhaling a breath. Victoria got up to then take a bath,tense for no more than a moment before getting relaxed. She sighed, happy to be at peace even for a little while. After a while she got out of her bath and went back to her room. Victoria put on a pair of pajamas and then drifted off to sleep. Only to be woken in the morning by such an unpleasant sound. Shouting,again. It was her parents arguing in their room once more about money,her and her brother. It could honestly be any of those topics. She didnt really pay attention and just went off to go shower for school. She quickly got ready and was eating breakfast by 7:30,and is now waiting for her dad fo drive her to school. Once she was in the car her father no longer seemed like the angry man he was earlier while speaking to her mom. Now he seemed different. She stayed quiet and turned up the music in her headphones. Eventually when she got to her school she sighed and got out the car,walking up to the doors. The entire time she was there it was like torture,slow snd extremely boring. She wanted to go home,but normally when shes home shed rather be anywhere else. She had to walk home this time,right back to her home,back to where her parents argue like they want to start a third world war. She got home to find no one home,and she decided to just go to her room,to relax. When she was in her room she was on her phone,scrolling mindlessly on instagram. She was on her phone for a while two hours before her mom
and brother came home. Her brother came to her room to bother her and that led to an arguement between them which then turned physical. Of course after her brother left he went to tell their mom and that led to an arguement between her and her mom. Her dad came home shortly after and took victorias side and her mom hated that he did so it led to another argument. She went up to her room and went to bed. Then it was morning. School again. Then home. Then back to hearing her parents argue. What a cycle,no? Victoria stared at the person infront of her that she recounted her memory of the day before. She looked confused which they didnt understand. "Victoria did you understand?" they inquired. Victoria was quiet for a moment before responding, "Oh.. I just..didnt know you lose all your memories after you die."</p>
