---
layout: narrative
title: Gleep Glorp.
author: Michia Briscoe
editor: Michia Briscoe
source: Workshop 
---
<p>Luke was out playing soccer with his friends, “Hey! Why’d you kick so hard?!”, one of them squealed. The ball went flying over their heads and into the thicket lining the field. “Luke, it’s your turn to go get the ball.” Luke complained, "I'm not going in there!”, his friend retorted in a teasing manner, “If you don’t get it, your pokemon cards are mine!” Out of pure panic, he exclaimed, “Fine, I’ll go get it!” As he traversed through the wood, out of the corner of his eye he spotted a soft glow of shades of yellow and gold, similar to that of the sun shining through the trees on a warm spring day. As he walked towards it he came upon a clearing, and right in the middle was a golden flower. It’s six petals were an ombre of a deep royal purple in the middle blending into beautiful heaven-like golden. The moment he laid eyes on it he was almost drawn to the flower, he crept closer, and closer like it was calling to him, and he picked it. Just as he did there was almost an immediate shift in energy. His friends called out, “LUKE! Where’d you go?! WE FOUND THE BALL!!”  The yelling broke him out of the trance, and he made his way back with the flower, “Dude, you were supposed to be getting the ball not picking flowers– what type of flower even is that?”, one of his friends asked in a nitpicky way. He rolled his eyes at the remark, “It’s getting late, I’ll see you guys tomorrow.” He heard in the distance as he walked off, “So who gets the pokemon cards, y’know since he never got the ball?”</p>
<p>Otherwise it was a normal night, after a long day of school, and playing soccer with his friends, Luke was walking back home as the streetlights turned on. Twirling the flower in his fingers as he walked. The sun had just finished setting, and the first glimpses of twilight were prominent. As he approached his front door, he heard a slight whirring in the distance, along with it the strong stench of.. cat food?? Despite every ounce of his being warning him against it, he began to walk towards the smell. As he walked he saw cats streaming in from almost every direction, many coming out of windows, cat doors, from under porches, and brushing right past him was his own. Now, with his interest insanely piqued, he pushed forward. In an old, abandoned house’s backyard, a tuna shaped thing descended, and he determined this was both the source of the noise and smell. He hid behind the side of the house, peeking from behind a corner. The thing transformed into a disc-like spaceship with what seemed to be a glass dome in the middle, but the glass was pitch black, it looked similar to that of a black hole. The dome opened, and out of the center billowed a thick fog. All of the cats hissed and arched their backs, fur and tails standing straight up. All that could be seen were glowing, beady, almost bioluminescent, green orbs of light. As the fog cleared, what appeared were… cat aliens?? If it weren’t for the neon green fur, star shapes splattered across their bodies, and two glowing angler fish antennas on their heads, they appeared just like your average cat. About six cats descended from the ship, one standing in the center of them all, rose on it’s hind legs, and did something Luke never would have guessed. It spoke. </p>
