---
layout: narrative
title: Bob
author: Sahil
editor: Sahil
source: Workshop Storytelling
---
<p>Deep in the jungle lies the most powerful creature in the animal kingdom. He is feared throughout the world and notorious for his vicious and unmerciful ways. He may not be the biggest, but for what he lacks in size, he makes up for in power. His name is Bob. Its a humid and rainy day in the jungle and Bob is bored. He wants to have fun. So he sends out a message to 4 of his subjects, the lion, the elephant, the polar bear, and the snake, commanding them to come to him at once. His loyal and faithful immediatley swoop down to take these messages and deliver them throughout the world. Two to Africa, one to the arctic, and one to Mexico. upon hearing Bobs order, the lion, polar bear, adn elephant all scramble to find gifts for the occasion.The snake, lion, elephant, and polar bear then all get on the plane to get to Bob. They all arrive 8 hours later at Bob's layer. Bob is angered by the wait but still maintains his composure as he is excited to demand offerings from his subjects. As Bob greets the animals, they all bow and then reach for their gifts. The lion is first. He brings forward a ps5. Next is the elephant. He brings forward a wrapped present. Bob is very excited to open it. Next is the polar bear. He brings forward some food from chick-fil-a. It's not as expensive but Bob is understanding because he is hungry. Last up is the Snake. But it appears as if the snake does not have a gift. “Where is your offering’? Bob asks. ‘I forgot it,’ the snake mumbles. Bob is outraged. The snake apologizes. Bob considers what to do about this absurdity. On one hand, he is very happy with his gifts so far. On the other hand, the snake is kinda annoying. So Bob decides the best course of action is to punish the snake for his actions. So the snake is burned alive. Then, Bob and the rest of the animals enjoy the night and have fun playing games on Bobs brand new playstation. The End. Here is link for visual representation: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QZ7m8mYt7vWXcBU1hhRqc-0jOptHdzcdqtwilx9oVZw/edit?slide=id.p#slide=id.p</p>

